coming soon to own on video cassette
this summer this may I invite you to a
world premiere I'm one of the biggest
movies of the year a lettin that the
king of thieves a legend and Jasmine's
dreams are finally coming true
this is apt but a band of notorious
thieves and the long kept secret my
father's lead a Latin into his greatest
adventure ever
a button at the king of thieves features
five brand-new swords and reunites all
your favorite characters from the web
including the rock your life again by
the one and only Robin Williams party
starts August 13
the line team
comment soon to Walt Disney home video
Michels feature presentation